docs: add a section suggesting gifs for pr reviews (#6974)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/maintenance/Pull_Requests.mdx

2. Add the `stale` label to the PR
3. Wait 2 weeks
4. If they still haven't responded, close the PR with a message like the _Pruning Stale PR_ template

## Suggestions

> Add some fun to PR reviews with GIFs. It's a great way to create a fun and welcoming environment while still maintaining a professional and productive one. The benefits of using GIFs in PR reviews are that it adds a touch of humor and lightheartedness to the process, builds camaraderie and team spirit, and can help break the ice by making users feel welcomed. Please remember to use appropriate and respectful GIFs and use them sparingly; GIFs should enhance the conversation, not detract from it. Check out [GIFs for Github here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gifs-for-github/dkgjnpbipbdaoaadbdhpiokaemhlphep) or [for Firefox here](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gifs-for-github/). Have some fun with it and happy GIF-ing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider adding fun to PR reviews with GIFs.
The benefits of using GIFs in PR reviews are that it adds a touch of humor and lightheartedness to the process, builds camaraderie and team spirit, and can help break the ice by making users feel welcomed.
Please remember to use appropriate and respectful GIFs and use them sparingly; GIFs should enhance the conversation, not detract from it.

> We like to use the _GIFs for Github_ extension: available as [GIFs for GitHub (Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gifs-for-github/dkgjnpbipbdaoaadbdhpiokaemhlphep) and [GIFs for GitHub (Firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gifs-for-github). ✨
```

Author: No worries at all. 😄 
And yes! This looks way more polished. The format makes it so much more easier to read too! 🙌🏼 Thank you!

2. Add the `stale` label to the PR
3. Wait 2 weeks
4. If they still haven't responded, close the PR with a message like the _Pruning Stale PR_ template

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
